This is the first combat encounter that [[Calypso Silversong|Calypso]] and her newly formed [[00.Characters#Maris Spy Party|Maris Spy Party]] confront together as a unit. In this typical bandit encounter, the first cracks into Calypso's sadistic nature are revealed not only in her fighting style, but also her willingness to risk life and limb just for the sake of gaining a minute advantage. It is also when the group is first introduced to [[Covenant]], whom would join the party after this fight.

The setup begins when the party ([[Calypso Silversong|Calypso]], [[Paracelsus]], [[Sumner]], [[Vult]], [[Bertrand]], and an unnamed [[Covenant|Bird-Fellow]] investigates carts blocking a road on their way to [[T'crace]]. They find dead bodies and are confronted by bandits demanding a toll. Calypso moves ahead alone, putting her hands up and claiming leadership to pay for everyone. Using telepathy, she convinces the leader of the bandits to let her approach alone, pretending that the Bird-Fellow present with them is a dangerous person she wishes to escape from. She then spins a fabricated story about being poor, taking her veteran father (Bertrand) to a doctor, and being threatened by the Bird-Fellow. When questioned about Paracelsus's nice clothes or Bertrand's armor, she deflects, calling Paracelsus a hitchhiker and claiming Bertrand's armor is all he owns.

As the bandits close in, one aggressive bandit demands they just rob the party. Calypso feigns pleading, creating conflict among the bandits, some of whom seem hesitant. When the aggressive bandit grabs her and reaches for her money bag, Calypso screams "rape" to stun everyone off guard and immediately smashes a smoke bomb at her feet, obscuring the area. This splits the bandits' formation and creates an exploitable situation.

The battle unfolds in just under a minute:

Round 1: Vult moves up to help Calypso by casting [Phantom Pain](https://2e.aonprd.com/Spells.aspx?ID=1632&Redirected=1) on the bandit who grabbed her, but is shot by the enemy Ranger. Bertrand immediately knocks out one bandit with a Smite. Sumner shoots the Axe-man twice. The enemy Cleric badly wounds Vult with a glaive. The enemy Rogue misses with throwing knives. Calypso successfully casts [Sleep](https://2e.aonprd.com/Spells.aspx?ID=1675) on the enemy Monk and Wizard. The enemy Bard wakes the Monk up. The tactical situation favors the party due to the split formation.

Round 2: Vult inflicts [Needle of Vengeance](https://2e.aonprd.com/Spells.aspx?ID=1881&Redirected=1) to secure refuge from the Cleric. That same Cleric is then forced to turn and engages Bertrand. Paracelsus throws a [Sulphur Bomb](https://2e.aonprd.com/Equipment.aspx?ID=1257) at the Rogue. Sumner and Calypso (with [Force Barrage](https://2e.aonprd.com/Spells.aspx?ID=1536)) both target the Rogue, who also critically fails his own attacks and dies. Calypso, upon killing the Rogue turns her invisible for one turn. She then casts [Cloak of Shadow](https://2e.aonprd.com/Spells.aspx?ID=1790), a mobile smoke cloud centered on herself, and then as a reaction immediately casts [Dim the Light](https://2e.aonprd.com/Spells.aspx?ID=781) which allows her to immediately hide within her cloud of darkness without expending an action. Because of the introduced obscurity, the enemy Axe-man and Ranger both miss their attacks. The Bird-Fellow and the Monk begin an extended duel. Calypso moves towards the Cleric and Bard to support Bertrand. The Wizard remains asleep.

Round 3: Bertrand heavily damages the Cleric. The Bard attacks Bertrand with [Kinetic Ram](https://2e.aonprd.com/Spells.aspx?ID=1156) but Bertrand critically succeeds his save, is unaffected, smiles, and uses [Retributive Strike](https://2e.aonprd.com/Actions.aspx?ID=2807) to slap the Bard to the ground, forcing surrender. Vult hexes the Cleric with [Paranoia](https://2e.aonprd.com/Spells.aspx?ID=1623&Redirected=1), which prevents the Cleric from healing any of her allies. The Ranger shoots and damages Sumner. Sumner challenges the Axe-man to a [duel](https://2e.aonprd.com/Feats.aspx?ID=6314) (to protect Paracelsus) and the Axe-man accepts, missing his first swing. The Wizard remains asleep.

Round 4: Sumner retreats towards Paracelsus for healing. The Axe-man pursues but Sumner narrowly defends/dodges. The Ranger critically hits Vult again, leaving her barely conscious. Vult moves behind Bertrand and uses [Evil Eye](https://2e.aonprd.com/Spells.aspx?ID=1889) on the Cleric (now semi-blinded, off-balance, sickened, paranoid, bloodied). Bertrand hits the Cleric again, leaving her near death. The Cleric tries attacking Calypso through her [Cloak of Shadow](https://2e.aonprd.com/Spells.aspx?ID=1790) but fails the necessary checks to locate and hit her. Calypso uses [Umbral Mindtheft](https://2e.aonprd.com/Spells.aspx?ID=1211), stealing the Cleric's warfare lore knowledge and dealing damage heavy sneak attack damage. The Wizard is still asleep.

Round 5: Paracelsus and Sumner reposition. Paracelsus gives Sumner a mist potion for defense. Sumner shoots at the Ranger before the Axe-man re-engages him. The mist potion helps Sumner avoid the Axe-man's heavy swings. The Monk and Bird duel continues, with the Monk looking weak. Calypso critically hits the Cleric with her sneak attack using her dagger from within the fog, killing the Cleric and turning invisible again. She then moves towards the Ranger. Vult and Bertrand regroup defensively. The Wizard remains asleep.

Round 7: Calypso moves her Shroud of Darkness over the Monk and Ranger. She attacks the Ranger and verbally tries to convince him to surrender, citing his dwindling allies. The Ranger refuses and misses an attack on her. Vult reaches Paracelsus and receives healing. Bertrand moves up to support the ongoing duels. The Axe-man lands a heavy blow on Sumner.

Round 8: Bertrand initially moves towards the sleeping Wizard, but Calypso uses telepathy to redirect him away from the helpless opponent and towards the active threat of the Axe-man. Meanwhile, the Ranger (a dwarf) pulls out a clan dagger and attacks Calypso "for glory!!!". Bertrand intercepts the desperate attack, taunts the dwarf ("How does the grass taste little man!"), and instantly knocks him out with` his shield. Simultaneously, the Bird-Fellow wins his long duel, killing the Monk. With the Ranger and Monk down, Bertrand moves to engage the final standing bandit, the Axe-man.

Round 9: Sumner, getting a chance to disengage now that Bertrand draws the Axe-man's attention, unloads his guns, hitting his shots only somewhat. The Axe-man, however, focuses on Calypso, using greater darkvision to pierce her shroud and land a heavy blow that damages her significantly. Panicked, Calypso uses [Prenumbral Shadow](https://2e.aonprd.com/Spells.aspx?ID=2360) to specifically darken the light affecting the Axe-man, blinding him to her presence again just as Bertrand fully engages him. Calypso again urges the Axe-man to surrender, questioning if dying for gold is worth it. The Axe-man ignores her, attacking Bertrand unsuccessfully and then failing to trip him. Calypso repeats her question. The Axe-man tries to swing blindly at her location; in response, Calypso steps in and stabs him decisively in the chest, twisting the knife.

The Axe-man drops to one knee, clutches his chest, and surrenders. The fight is over. The party walks over to the still-sleeping Wizard.

In the end, the only seriously damaged party member was Vult, who was quickly healed by Paracelsus afterwards. Calypso would uncharacteristically spare these bandits and even offer them 10 silver in an attempt to appeal to the morals of Paracelsus, whom she wished to seek favor with.

Overall, 
Vult gets nearly killed
Paracelsus is a reliable support
Sumner defends well but his gun jams way too often
Bertrand is just a wall who decimates others
Covenant proves himself very potent in battle
Calypso is a walking cloud of smog who can hardly be seen, reaping the kills of others.