heart thump heart thump

metal creaking, brass whine, is that the orc? no, her footsteps are heavier and more deliberate . these are heavy and.. clumsy. thats odd, has someone been drinking? another sound, a more forceful one, intense and sharp, is someone being violent? oh my, oh me, this will be interesting to hear if not see. she climbs up the metal lattice within those metal walls, finding the hole in the ventilation system just barely big enough to allow her to squeeze through, the sharp edges of the metal tear she's sanded down into being safe to rub against, lest she cut a giant gash in her midsection. the vents were useful but they were dangerous too, sometimes the crew would turn up the heat and the walls of the ducts would get so hot her skin would scorch, but that only ever happened when the arrived at a port and went somewhere cold, which was surprisingly often, all the way down here and hell, wasnt it all supposed to be fire and brimstone.

oh well, they say its cold down here because of how far it from the warmth of god. no light shines here :/

quitely crawling her way down the ducts so as to not make much more noise than she did already, she was hoping that her use of inkwell was enough to convince them they had a rat problem, all the way out here in the abyss. but it was enough for now.

left? right? this is coming from one of the cabins,, theres yelling now, theyre having an argument? oh god not again, this sorry couple, so sorry for themselves, if only they could get over themselves! bleh.

(anatomy of a fall, intrusion on my life, you are making me feel invalid!)

she would sit and listen, this kind of personal drama was like popcorn for her, so used to taking these snippets of personal baggage and trading them like trinkets and baubles to the right buyers, it was how she made herself a living. but now was not the time for work, now was the time for being quiet and simply surviving. And yet she cannot help but do this all the same, so much for being justified by the circumstances.




