    
    - So calypso followed them and witness a slave rebellion get brutally crushed by a group of malebranchs (greater devil subtype) And so    - So the general idea i had was After angering the wrong person, calypso was sent to hell via dimensional gate, a very high level spell that very few can master. The hell of the pathfinder universe contains nine layers much like that of the inferno, but these layers are unique. Much of calypso’s early history in hell happens in the second layer, Dis, ruled by the archdevil Dispater, this city is the largest one in hell, and it supplies most of hell’s armies. This city, although in hell, is actually one of the more orderly layers of the underworld. For you see, each outer plane (hell included) is representative of an alignment (heaven is lawful good, nirvana is chaotic good, the axis is lawful neutral, the abyss is chaotic evil, and _hell is lawful evil_) hell, being lawful evil, means that it is a place of power over the weak, the meek serve the mighty, there is no will in hell, only order and subjugation. Because of this, perhaps an unfortunate soul can perhaps navigate the unforgiving trenches of this wretched city. Dis is a place filled with mostly devils, partly damned souls, and then a minority of unbound, many of these are just visitors. Why would people want to visit hell? Because despite the great evils, there is much to be traded and learned in this plane, much occult magic, incredible knowledge , and incredible smithery exist in hell. The city of dis is no stranger to outsiders seeking a place to stop before venturing deeper into the dark depths.
    
    - Calypso, upon arriving in hell, knew little, but knew enough to stay out of sight, a lot of the hide and seek she did with her dad would become even more refined as she learned that in order to survive, her best shot was to stay out of sight But one goes hungry unless one can find food. Its hard to find food in hell, most of the devils eat broken souls, the travellers never stay long and bring their own food, so to buy any is a rare occasion. If she wanted to get food, she needed to buy from either the travellers or the butchers, both of which sold high. So calypso learned to be a rat, a really good rat
    
    - The Damned are bound by pact of soul, their very spirits are chained the devils that oversee them, each devil being personally responsible for one or more souls. But because hell is so oppressing on its own, many are simply too weak to put up a fight, and so most devils dont even care to watch over their prisoners most of the time, only showing up to whip them to work harder or some other shit i dunno though, despite this, the city’s population of damned souls is more than 2 million, and so there is bound to be countless rebellion plots happening many times a month Calypso then oversaw a devil talk to a pitfiend (greater devil) and make a report on certain “meetings” happening in specific areas “Very well, Sutre, here is the due you are owed” And the pitfiend summoned in his hand a bag full of gold coins “Would you like to see our team in action this time, sutre?” “I would be most honored, lord Rothe”
 calypso understood, this guy got paid to rat out rebellion She knew that she could finally do something to make money. She stole a cloak a long while back and used it to cover most of herself and she started work on finding slave rebellions, noting their locations, meeting places, individual member’s holding houses, and wrote them all down on parchment. Then, hesitantly, she would approach certain devils and offer information in exchange for gold Devils are evil, but they embody lawful evil, they will always be eager to make pacts, deals, agreements, contracts, they see it as a way to bind those who come across them, as a way to further to control of hell. And she calypso quickly found herself a decent source of income Not only this, but her horizons expanded, not only was she good at ratting out slave rebellions, but also disloyal devils, imps acting out of line, devils pocketing spare souls to keep for themselves, even many robberies were caught out and snitched on by her She was just too fucking good at hiding, nobody could see her, and when they did she was already in a cloak, none of the devils ever saw her face, as she used shroud of night (a spell) to cast her face under the hood into darkness, to keep her face hidden. and she had a side job too Stealing, haggling, and snake oil salesman’in (edited)
    
    - Many devils and their infrastructure knew of the cloaked rat, the whisp that could never be seen but saw all. But the planar travellers were not settled down there, they knew not of her reputation, and so when talking to travellers she used some spritzes of magic to make really really convincing fake potions and products to sell to planar travelers, she would even fake their features using magic herself, and she was good at concealing her arcane use. And when she spoke to foreigners of dis, she would uncover her face and speak to them, she essentially had two identities, and made sure she never spoke much to the devils in voice so she could maintain this charade So she made a lot of money this way, she was really lucky to have not been really caught out yet, she had many close calls but she always managed to slip away in the end, but one day her ways caught up with her
    
    - Shes (ripoff) selling to a typical planar travelling tourist newbie (Something important to note is that calypso NEVER approaches high level or high ranking devils unless shes doing her ratting out business, its too risky and most of them can see through most of her illusions) Shes ripping him off and he takes her fake , diluted holy water and says, “why thank you friend” and then drinks it all immediately ‘Uhm,, i mean its not really… for drinking..’ ‘Oh please, its quite refreshing, wouldnt you say?’ As hes drinking some more he begins to change appearance ‘But really, if this truly WAS holy water, wouldnt i feel a little sting? Wouldnt it be a bit spicy? all i seem to taste is cool and refreshing’ He grows horns ‘So this is what youve been doing off the job? Selling fake shit to the marketplace like some fucking tiefling child? The great and mighty whisp? (Her nickname among the devils was ‘The Whisp’)
    
    - Calypso at this point literally can say no words to him, she’d never expected to be caught out, to be outduped as the one who usually does the duping. ‘Honestly, i expect more from you, after all, somehow you brought ME of all people begging at the feet of my own fucking overlord, Rothe nearly gouged my fuckinggg eyes out after he got his hands on me. Id love to gouge yours out too you little fucking insect. How could i, Sutre, lord Rothe’s PERSONAL snitch get out snitched, even worse, by one as pathetically weak as you. Youve got nothing expect cheap tricks and a robe, maybe i shoukd help you take it off..’
    
    - it is at this point that Sutre uses a command spell to order calypso into an alleyway, as she is currently terrified, her willpower is near zero and is bent to his will. he then removes her cloak and for the first time in a long tume she has been made vulnerable to a degree she had never been thought possible before, she has never felt safe or okay being exposed, especially not here he then proceeds to take advantage of paralyzed state, lawful as devils may be, in every evil there is a primordial animal within, a beast unbound by dignity or respect, something truly instinctual and ravenous, and so every now and again, especially when losing everything of value to him, a devil will say goodbye to the rules and just claim prey as he sees fit calypso, by some miracle, was able to break the command spell of Sutre, and was able to start struggling back, but in this happening he grabbed tighter, his claws sinking into her side, keeping her in place, making her scream in pain. the scream, having caught him slightly off guard as she was silent up to this point due to the command spell, had slightly lessened his grip, which gave her just enough time to swipe and then gouge HIS eyes out now really having caught him off guard and now blinding him, she fought back like a cornered animal, his magic required concentration, and now that he no longer had it, she went on the attack. She has teeth, and she has claws, it was more than enough to leave him barely breathing, she doesnt know if she killed him or not. After this, she ran to the very deepest crevasses of the city and tucked herself into where she knows she would never be seen again, she didnt want to ever be seen again.
	
    - And that night as she slept in the deepest and darkest of alleyways, she dreamy, and from the darkness someone sensed her pain, and reached out her hand. A woman in a white robe, or a toga? Blue wings covered her eyes, and her hair was as pale as snow. Calypso, weeping at her knees, looked up. From where the girl stood, the woman looked massive, but as she was helped to her feet, they were not so different in height. The woman, although seemingly unable to see, smiled, as if she knew exactly what she was looking at. She caressed calypso’s cheek and gave her a sense of warmth and security she never thought she could feel again. There were a fair bit of words exchanged that night, though ill have to condense it to the tl;dr, just know that they spoke a lot and shared a connection. “You are not alone in your suffering” 
      “What?” 
      “Your suffering is not meaningless” 
      “B-but i,,,” 
      “And you are not beyond help” 
      “Can you help me? Please?” 
      “Only if you can find-“ 
      “I will, anything, please tell me where you are” 
      “Of course, but in order to find me, you will need to make a perilous journey, deeper into the pits of hell, where you will find a portal that leads to my city" 
      “How will i know where this portal is?” 
      “Its never in the same place, it changes constantly, but i will give you a mental compass that will always pull you in the direction you need to be going”
       “How will i be sure i can make it?” 
       “Because youve already made it this far” The woman waved goodbye, and Calypso woke up, only a foggy memory of the dream she had, but felt a desire to start moving, to leave Dis, to go even farther down into Hell.
