
# Ordered by Group

### Changeling Children

When the [[Silversong Matriarch]] established her coven, she sought out to create not just a legacy, but a lineage.

The Silversong Lineage consists of numerous changeling children directly descended from the Silversong Matriarch. All experience [The Call](https://pathfinderwiki.com/wiki/Changeling#The_Call); those who succumb are tortured into becoming hags for her coven. Those who resist demonstrate powerful souls and are considered potential heirs or candidates by the Matriarch, who lets them wander freely to grow stronger. The Silversong ultimately views all her lineage as components in her plan to achieve supreme power.

- [[Calypso Silversong]]
- [[Corsica Silversong]]
- [[Ballista Silversong]]
- [[Vira Silversong]]

### Maris Spy Party

When [[Calypso Silversong|Calypso]] returned to [[Maris]] after her part in the detonation of the [[Citadel]], the Mayor asks her to assemble a team to travel the rest of the country of [[Main (tori)/Locations/Angelus]] and to investigate each major city and determine their political leaning in the upcoming war. She hired her two roommates [[Vult von Linde]] and [[Sumner von Linde]] and then her work colleague [[Paracelsus Roarland]]. The night after, [[Sergeant Major Bertrand]] showed up to her residence requesting to join the party in an attempt to escape his boring cushy desk life. Later, another member, [[Covenant]], would join after surviving a [[Roadside Ambush|roadside ambush]] ambush together with the party.

Overall, their focus is to travel the country of [[Main (tori)/Locations/Angelus]] and gather as much information as they can for the upcoming internal conflict of the country.

- [[Sergeant Major Bertrand]]
- [[Calypso Silversong]]
- [[Covenant]]
- [[Paracelsus Roarland]]
- [[Sumner von Linde]]
- [[Vult von Linde]]
- [[Crow]]

### The Crawlers

The character party of [[Campaign 2]]. After the destruction of the [[Citadel]], prisoners wake up in underground cell not knowing how long they have been locked up or for what reason. The only exit to the dungeons was destroyed in the destruction of the citadel, so they had to travel deeper to find an alternative route. They were joined by [[Warden]], their jailor who had been sworn to oversee them. [[Wiat]] an unfortunate fellow prisoner who was dragged along with the party to their dismay, and [[Ulysses Spip|Spip]] a kobold paladin who was in the dungeon for a meeting when the entry collapsed.

* [[Harvey Silversong]]
* [[Ozro Lutumos]]
* [[Al-Eksai]]
* [[Adran]]
* [[Gravion McKobold]]
* [[Jarquavis]]

### The Indentured

The character party of [[Campaign 1]].  A group of four criminals and two inquisitors entasked with working directly for the [[High Inquisitor]] of the Citadel, [[Urgen Roth]]. The party was forced to investigate the cities of [[Naasdab]] and [[Maris]] before learning of Roth's lichdom from the mayor of Maris, [[Adrian Dumpho]], and Citadel noble [[Webster Bryant]]. The party ventured back to the Citadel and utilized a weapon they received from a mysterious figure, [[Gradeus]], to unleash a cataclysm upon the Citadel to potentially destroy Roth. After destroying the Citadel and evacuating as many people as possible, the party was disbanded and each person went their separate ways.

# Ordered by Campaign



